I've seen it all identical twins we
didn't know where death my young one
Harriet we knew she was def we signed to
her and she's had no frustrations that
the other two of that she's
age-appropriate every level because we
were already signing and it's really
unusual normally with the hearing loss
that you lose other information so
you're naturally behind particularly in
a language you can't hear but my
daughter isn't so I'm very proud of that
but she could have a conversation with
us of five or six words by the time she
was just Todd Lee I asked her to go and
get my white training shoe from my
bedroom I had loads of different ones
loads come back you try asking a 10
month old child to go and do that in
English you don't have a clue what
you're on babe she did it she brought
the right training she was crying my
exact fantastic I didn't sign it as good
as out then my I remember what shoe was
and you know all that but it was
fantastic and so she's just flown
through life she would go up to any here
an adult and say oh you and sign to him
okay you deaf oh no you're hearing yeah
you're hearing gonna be read I'm lucky I
know sign language do not mean that's
how they associate but she's had none of
the frustration if I could rewind and
I've already learned sign language
before my first two were born it would
be heaven sent they'd have no problems
and they had loads of frustrations and
they're still paying for it now but I'm
very very proud of them and their their
love is horses and when they're on
horseback it's the most beautiful thing
to see ever because they feel all their
other senses come in and they feel and
it's just wonderful and hopefully they
found their love like I found my love
which was football so it's marvelous
and then only with our death oh yeah
football football players is such a
popular game it's on in your face of the
whole time if you don't like it must be
a nightmare but it's in your face the
whole time it's like a cult thing yeah
they should put back they should give
back and they should be good role models
you won't get everybody a good rahman it
won't happen the world inc like that but
you know a lot of them unfortunately do
do great work hello they do do great
work I don't love ya I'll be two minutes
I'm just helping these boys out it's my
wife Kim is it we're talking about
they're asking me a lot of things about
our daughter all right so where was I
there oh yeah yes you know an awful lot
of them do do good things I thing they
could do a lot more I was incensed last
that's summer where there was something
about them going gambling and wasting
and losing a lot of money in it in a
what can't they give it to other people
you know they wouldn't realize what deaf
schools have to go through because
they're a minority what the kids don't
get because they're a minority they
could do so much more for it but if you
don't know you don't do d so if I had
more time I'd be campaigning even more
but I haven't got it have you got one
more question or as I alright how's that
fantastic what do I bring nothing I
don't want anything from you my friend
that was a pleasure to help me no sir
pleasure to help you I wish you all the
best anytime if you let them
I'm sure you were definitely concert but
today is really busy as you want or do
apologize so